## Key Terms
**Security Posture** - A company's readiness and ability to defend against threats and react effectively

**Shared Responsibility** - Everyone in the organization must take steps to further security and avoid risk

**Threat** - An event that can negatively impact a company and its assets

**Risk** - Something that can raise the likelihood of a threat. Low to high rating based on how severe the imapct could be

**Vulnerability** - Weakness that could be exploited by threat

**Ransomware** - A type of malware where attackers encypt an organizations data and hold it for ransom

## Deeper Dive Into CISSP Domains
* **Security and Risk Management** - Defining goals, ensuring compliance, risk mitigation. More of a broad oversight role.
* **Asset Security** - Digital and physical assets. Relates to maintaining and storing data and making sure that it is handled properly (such as disposal).
* **Security Architecture and Engineering** - Making sure the correct tools and security processes are in place. Developing a system where everyone takes an active part in security.
* **Communication and Network Security** - Securing physical networks and wireless communications
* **Identity and Access Management** - Managing authrization for different data and keeping it limited and secure. Identification, Authentication, Authorization, Accountability
* **Security Assessment and Testing** - Evaluating an organizations security process and trying to improve it
* **Security Operations** - Conduct investigations on active attacks and implement prevention
* **Software Development Security** - Implementing secure coding practices so all development is secure

## NIST RMF

* **Prepare** - Monitoring risks before a breach
* **Categorize** - Developing risk management processes and tasks
* **Select** - Customizing and managing documentation of controls
* **Implement** - Implement security plans for the organization
* **Assess** - Detemermine if current controls/processes are working
* **Authorize** - Generating reports and plans of action
* **Monitor** - Stay aware of how current systems are operating